greetings in them we see
organize another crossover this program
where I pick up two characters or two
groups of characters and put it to
fight and last episode was batman 10
an iron man
if you lost you can click here or here
or description
today psb I need to talk to
you quickly get some warnings from some
It's very cool that I had for this
this crossover who decides the
winner of the struggles you are not me
right after every episode you go there
in our forum and you put your text
Who do you think you get in the crossover?
and there is always the best text wins some
But I have a very cool idea.
also to add that is beyond you
to win something a graphic novel
but here is something like a draw
I need your text better, I'll go
use to create
I'll use it script to create a
comics video I use the
your text as a script is a
illustrator I already talked to him
to do illustration and I do the editing
game on youtube with credits to you
which made the text concerned is its text
illustrated as if it were a story in
comics iran in the nexxera video delayed
to release new episodes solve
now waiting for the illustrator's response
and he said that he is studying with the
public now he can not even catch
this work, but they are the proof of the
he will be able to make the
illustrations and not to leave much time
without the crossover, right?
I stop making the new episodes
even as soon as he can make the
The illustrations we start to do here
also that you found the idea let
in the comments to know where past
debate with verses Iron man is this
on here
batman that happened to the knight of the
darkness was drawn the winner was already
in our forum
I already put it in the post if you want
to know if you are the winner
It's down here, and this time it will not
New graphic draw denies that because
these boundaries are expensive and this time
It's not working.
Mask participate anyway this
text there forum because its history
It could turn into a comic.
road that will be here on r7 at
video format gomes crossed and let's go
put two of the greatest archers of the
fiction by making clear leagues
miles and miles and miles to get back and right
see who is the best way said
besides the side of bsi comics we have the
green archer and the marvel side we have
place of a file we will present
first hero of dc comics
the oil is bad or the green archer was
created by george papi and death whiting
in 1941 in the magazine more fantômas number
73 which is a batman mix with the
barein prince knows of flash gordon
but the creators said that the
inspiration was in hollywood in his
Origin A Shame A Millionaire Type
industrial playboy and one night
while he was drunk he fell from a
his yacht wrecked on an island
deserted
there he improvised a bow and arrow to
able to hunt and feed and left the
island when a group of bandits
embarked on it if bandits used
island as a hideout and oliver klein
caught off guard
Coast this time he spent in
island
he realized what it's like to live without comfort
of civilization and when he returned to
the city
I look really bad I decided to spend the hours
places to fight crime as the archer
green already the clint barton or the hawk
archer a very tragic story as
some heroes in normally their parents
died during a trip with a
car accident and a small client
was sent to an orphanage
he started to develop many
problems with relationships and
problems with authorities as well and
ended up running away from the orphanage and
integrating a circus group where
trained by sporting and trio
shock wandered the world gaining
life in presentations with archery
and juggling until one day he
witnessed the iron man saving
people of bandits and decided that
would become a crime fighter only
that in his first heroic act he went
confused with bandits and the black widow
saved his life and recruited him to
fight an iron man like
villain so he started as a villain but
that changed until he became a superhero
let's say the two are similar in
almost everything the guy came from the personality
theirs is very hard head very much
stressed very impatiently that the
combat techniques that the two use
arrows
each one has its arrow style to
explosive flashes by
x-ray of ice praxe praxe of fire
arrow of the famous arrow with a glove
on the street the box so the two date
two blondes a lot for this one said more
also exchange food and talk talk
black canary negro and fia are also
two very similar characters the two
have a romantic affair
the two participate in the largest group of
super heroes of every publisher the archer
green maria of justice and the archer in
in the players but some take advantages
in some things like the green quartet
is a millionaire to a certain part of the
story he loses all his money
but there are still many stories is a
millionaire then he has an arsenal he
have enough money to buy the
any kind of arrow or produce
any kind of flash gun he
get and he is an expert too
swordsman throws the archer uses the
tony stark technology in its bow in
your arrows technology tony stark to
war technology of the brand and
also trained martial arts with a
captain america who is the greatest artist
martial of the brand, I see a way of
fight to happen face want to flash behind
flash over arrow to in flash
dropping on top of the other arrow
crossing flash 4 face at the same time efect
sideways to serve the selection down
the camera flash ax pirueta finding
mortal already come to the street comes to fill
Toy think of rubber within the
flec yesterday as to display a seat will
until some hit the other and everyone
knows that the two have the ability to
divert arrow from the other like an arrow
also everyone they have tasted then
begins the fight will be decided there
come to you I change the scenery and talk
because they are in this fight exist in the
gotham city city why happen
because it is a city with many buildings
many alleys
then they can use the strategy
every moment he could not stay
hiding in an alley expects another one
to take the stand as figures for
the two struggling in the middle gothic arrow
for in barão 1 building a year there
breaking windows and why they are
in this situation the two have a history
very arrogant bravinho my
hot head in the stressed out guys
know one of the reputation of the other as the
best archer in the world and they want
to test to see let's see who is the
best real archer and that's it
You'll leave your text there in our
link registration forum
very simple I do not have you like it
you get a gem down here
It helps a lot in our work if
sign up if you are not channel
inscribed and able to buy our
comic books that those who do not know
we have an editor and
We have three titles already if you do not
knows you have two links in the
registration for you to buy and another to
you know these three cities
I'm going to stay here a big hug
to all and may the force be with you